README.md, before:

# SpigotMc fullbright plugin
> 1.17x - 1.18x <br>
> check pre releases for 1.18.2 or build yourself <br>
A plugin that applies night vision to all players that lasts forever and auto reapplies<br>

## Issues? make an issue using the template<br>
Check if there is a open issue on your problem first<br>
<br>
<br>

## Download <br>
download from releases tab ( https://github.com/2147483647ms/Spigotmc-fullbright-plugin/releases ) <br>
> __or build yourself__ <br>
> download the src folder of the version you want, then open in your ide<br>
> once you have the project open, click the play button<br>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77409841/146654511-bcdad5a7-3b3a-4739-9a43-91623f7c2ad2.png) <br> 
> now locate the .jar built version in the target folder in the workspace (workspace\target) <br>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77409841/146654563-c0f9e013-3cbd-461b-aa39-6d35b48a6bda.png) <br>
## Adding to your server <br>
Add the file to your plugins folder in your server and start the server <br>
> {server folder name}\plugins <br> 
> drag the .jar file into the folder <br>
<br>

## Modification
please refer to the GNU General Public License v3.0 (license file in the main branch)
<br>
# Contact<br> 
12x12#5505 on discord (do not contact for issues there is a tab for that)<br>
<br>
<br>

## ChangeLog <br>
>__0.0.3.5__ <br>
>port to 1.18.2 <br>
>__0.0.3__ <br>
> Fixed bug where night vision would be applied to @a even if no player was online <br>
> __0.0.2__ <br>
> Fixed death dug <br>

Commit message:

guide for updating yourself cause im lazy

README.md, after:

# SpigotMc fullbright plugin
> 1.17x - 1.18x <br>
> check pre releases for 1.18.2 or build yourself <br>
A plugin that applies night vision to all players that lasts forever and auto reapplies<br>

## Issues? make an issue using the template<br>
Check if there is a open issue on your problem first<br>
<br>
<br>

## Download <br>
download from releases tab ( https://github.com/2147483647ms/Spigotmc-fullbright-plugin/releases ) <br>
> __or build yourself__ <br>
> download the src folder of the version you want, then open in your ide<br>
> once you have the project open, click the play button<br>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77409841/146654511-bcdad5a7-3b3a-4739-9a43-91623f7c2ad2.png) <br> 
> now locate the .jar built version in the target folder in the workspace (workspace\target) <br>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77409841/146654563-c0f9e013-3cbd-461b-aa39-6d35b48a6bda.png) <br>

##Updating the plugin yourself <br>
Find pom.xml and scroll to the bottom. <br>
replace <dependency> brackets and replace the inside of the area with the latest version of papermc api.<br>
__https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper#how-to-plugin-developers__ <br>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77409841/179871215-89270299-8af4-455b-9eb5-855230c047f0.png) <br>
Now build the project as seen before! <br>

## Adding to your server <br>
Add the file to your plugins folder in your server and start the server <br>
> {server folder name}\plugins <br> 
> drag the .jar file into the folder <br>
<br>

## Modification
please refer to the GNU General Public License v3.0 (license file in the main branch)
<br>
# Contact<br> 
12x12#5505 on discord (do not contact for issues there is a tab for that)<br>
<br>
<br>

## ChangeLog <br>
>__0.0.3.5__ <br>
>port to 1.18.2 <br>
>__0.0.3__ <br>
> Fixed bug where night vision would be applied to @a even if no player was online <br>
> __0.0.2__ <br>
> Fixed death dug <br>
